README.md, before:

# positions.destiny.gg

This is the GitHub repository for the [Destiny Positions website](https://positions.destiny.gg).

It is built using [Docusaurus 2](https://v2.docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator.

## Installation

```console
yarn install
```

## Local Development

```console
yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and open up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

## Contributing

* Content on this site reflects the views and positions of streamer Steven "Destiny" Bonnell. 
* Contributions should be limited to these views and subject to approval.
* This project is hosting agnostic and meant to run on any [JAMStack](https://jamstack.wtf/#what-is-jamstack) provider.
* Questions or comments outside of PRs can be submitted via E-Mail to `contact@destiny.gg`. This GitHub repository is not for political discourse.

## Building  / Deployment

Site is deployed to production via [Cloudflare Pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) with changes focused on the `main` branch.

Commit message:

upgrade all packages to the latest versions and change npm to yarn in build file

README.md, after:

# positions.destiny.gg

This is the GitHub repository for the [Destiny Positions website](https://positions.destiny.gg).

It is built using [Docusaurus 2](https://v2.docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator.

## Installation

```console
yarn install
```

## Local Development

```console
yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and open up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

## Running the spellchecker

You can run the spellcheck locally using the following command:
```console
yarn run spell-check
```

This will generate a summary report of the words that are not recognized and that should either be fixed or added to the file `.cspell.json`

## Contributing

* Content on this site reflects the views and positions of streamer Steven "Destiny" Bonnell. 
* Contributions should be limited to these views and subject to approval.
* This project is hosting agnostic and meant to run on any [JAMStack](https://jamstack.wtf/#what-is-jamstack) provider.
* Questions or comments outside of PRs can be submitted via E-Mail to `contact@destiny.gg`. This GitHub repository is not for political discourse.

## Building  / Deployment

Site is deployed to production via [Cloudflare Pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) with changes focused on the `main` branch.
