docs/about.md, before:

---
id: about
title: About
sidebar_label: About
description: Positions of Steven "Destiny" Bonnell
slug: /
---

Many things are said about who I am or what I believe in. Oftentimes, people make absurd claims about my beliefs, such as that I advocate for the indiscriminate killing of BLM protestors, that I'm a nazi, that I'm a communist, etc. This is partially my fault as I have a history of being hyperbolic in some circumstances, and I often engage with people who aren't really interested in good faith conversations. Part of this is also due to my huge backlog of content and the nature of the internet - I understand that sifting through thousands of hours of debates to find my fully fleshed-out views is not a practical demand to make of people.

As I've evolved both in my political and social views, and as I've continued to produce more hours of content, it is now possible that you could cherry pick almost any 30 seconds of me to claim I represent any given political or social viewpoint. As such, it is necessary to take preventative measures against this, as I have dealt with such behaviour already. In 2021, I committed myself to a strategy of being more rhetorically effective, especially concerning how people represent me or my beliefs.

As a part of this strategy, the following pages are my effort to "set the record straight" insofar as my actual beliefs, as opposed to what others claim them to be. I'll include within these pages a record of most of my political and philosophical positions, as well as any positions I have relating to current events.

Commit message:

Reworked about me (#109)
* added reference links

* added better link

Should be good links for what destiny was talking about.

* changed link/ cleaned up

Changed link from shorts clip to timestamp vod from youtube, changed wording because, "push back against" was used in previous sentence and condemn is more concise

* added/ edited links

added clip on private property clause,
fixed delayed timestamp, and added wiki link to economy referenced

* Update current_events.md

* Revert "Merge remote-tracking branch 'upstream/main' into main"

This reverts commit ff392c925e0f503a6cc17136f7776babc2d738e8, reversing
changes made to 976996db57576604d27e6f9abde134e64f408177.

* Update philosophy.md

* Revert "Revert "Merge remote-tracking branch 'upstream/main' into main""

This reverts commit f5ef90815d8b17a6b3bb41e05cbe0fe0ca4c603e.

* re-added link

This was scuffed and I'm sorry for my shitty commits

* Reworked about section

* added line

* Update about.md

* changed to NA spelling

Co-authored-by: jackdark0 <80801300+jackdark0@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: jackdark0 <80801300+jackdark0@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/about.md, after:

---
id: about
title: About
sidebar_label: About
description: Positions of Steven "Destiny" Bonnell
slug: /
---

## Who I am

I (Steven Kenneth "Destiny" Bonnell II) am most well known for my political content online, but I started my career as a [Starcraft 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/StarCraft_II:_Wings_of_Liberty) livestreamer. Today I livestream most aspects of my life; including gaming, online debates, and canvassing for political change. Throughout my life I have always tried to ensure what I believe is consistent and to test my ideas I would argue with others. I am sincere about what I say and do so if anyone has a disagreement with me they can always join [my discord's](https://discordapp.com/invite/destiny) voice chat to have a talk while I am streaming or can email me (contact@destiny.gg).

## Political advocacy

Starting in [November of 2020](https://youtu.be/93leuGiUSpo), I attempted to spin up an organization to mobilize youth into direct, local political action. Our first efforts were in Georgia, where we [knocked on over 20,000](https://www.wrbl.com/news/georgia-news/math-mvmt-hosts-canvassing-event-ahead-of-senate-run-offs/) doors in support of Jon Ossoff and Reverend Warnock. For my next effort, I wanted to focus on my hometown where my 9 year old son lives to see if we could mobilize enough volunteers to get a progressive candidate elected to office. Unfortunately because of how people and news organizations [mischaracterized my actions](https://www.reddit.com/r/Destiny/comments/lx0dnw/incredibly_disappointed_at_the_lack_of/), I was forced to stop campaigning for my mayor of choice.

## Why I made this website/blog

Many things are said about who I am or what I believe in. Oftentimes, people make absurd claims about my beliefs, such as that I advocate for the indiscriminate killing of BLM protestors, that I'm a nazi, that I'm a communist, etc. This is partially my fault as I have a history of being hyperbolic in some circumstances, and I often engage with people who aren't really interested in good faith conversations. Part of this is also due to my huge backlog of content and the nature of the internet - I understand that sifting through thousands of hours of debates to find my fully fleshed-out views is not a practical demand to make of people.

As I've evolved both in my political and social views, and as I've continued to produce more hours of content, it is now possible that you could cherry pick almost any 30 seconds of me to claim I represent any given political or social viewpoint. As such, it is necessary to take preventative measures against this, as I have dealt with such behaviour already. In 2021, I committed myself to a strategy of being more rhetorically effective, especially concerning how people represent me or my beliefs.

As a part of this strategy, the following pages are my effort to "set the record straight" insofar as my actual beliefs, as opposed to what others claim them to be. I'll include within these pages a record of most of my political and philosophical positions, as well as any positions I have relating to current events.
