docs/current_events.md, before:

---
id: current_events
title: Current Events
description: My arguments about recent events and the prevailing narratives around them.
---

## The GameStop short squeeze

I've written extensively on my view of the wallstreetbets "fight" with Melvin Capital over the GameStop stock. The summary of my position is essentially the following:
- There was never any reason to believe a massive short squeeze was coming.
- The big winners were not "little retail traders."
- Robinhood did not halt trading to "protect hedge funds."
- Almost every single alternative media figure reporting on this story got almost every fact wrong, except for the 50,000,000 explanations of "what is a short sale?"

For a longer and more formal write-up of my view on the GME situation, see my write-up here: **[BrainStop](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nFKt9Vd7bYsVSCIDwbXxrtUFTuJEFJbiOpEAgc2uw5k)**. I've also done a [video review](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHM4gFiem7s) of said document on my YouTube channel.

## Kyle Rittenhouse ("mowing down protestors")

*Also see: [protesting & rioting](./philosophy#protesting--rioting), [defense of property](./philosophy#defense-of-property)*

In general, I do not support vigilantism. I think Kyle Rittenhouse was clearly misguided in his attempts to cross state borders and should have stayed home. I also think there are steps he could have taken to minimize the risk of him needing to discharge a firearm.

Of a larger 20+ minute debate with someone, a short 16 second clip was cut to make it sound as though I support violence against Black Lives Matter protesters when this couldn't be further from the truth. I am incredibly heated in this clip, but I am clear when I state that my main frustration is with the few rioters burning down private businesses and the idea that Trump's only path to victory was with continued arson and destruction of privately owned businesses across the US ([full conversation in August of 2020 with context part clipped](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=1183&v=vMLJoUZZV1k&feature=youtu.be)).

I have always defended the existence of BLM and its purpose, sometimes in front of live audiences as the only liberal member on a panel. ([Jesse Lee Peterson panel in October of 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=5719&v=dtGovEfzG8U&feature=youtu.be) | [Conversation with call-in defending the existence and effectiveness of BLM's protests](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=387&v=eTkMgMzYmQc&feature=youtu.be) | [Panel debate in August of 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=605&v=Fk99OaajDo8&feature=youtu.be) | [Support in November of 2018 of Kaepernick kneeling in the NFL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=6&v=LDNSV5AUX4k&feature=youtu.be) | [Attacking Dave Rubin's criticisms of Kaepernick's protests in September 2017](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvd2AJ_oXM0))

I've consistently pushed back against "white lives matter" and similar types of irresponsible (see: racist) rhetoric from the right. ([Jesse Lee Peterson panel in October of 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZbROikHd_Y))

I have continually defended protesting, and even rioting against public institutions while pushing back against supporting the rioting/looting of private businesses, as I believe these are Republican tactics to draw attention away from the overwhelmingly positive protests. ([Discussion about Minneapolis protesting/looting in May of 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=639&v=oAQJfK9FKR8&feature=youtu.be) | [Debate with conservative/Neo-Nazi(?) Ethan Ralph in June 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=417&v=brlvVrI3dKE&feature=youtu.be) | [Discussion on my stream in September of 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=887&v=-FuT_caZCx8&feature=youtu.be))

My specific issue in this debate was that I didn't believe it was morally acceptable to defend rioters destroying private businesses, regardless of their legitimate grievances with the local police. When I think of rioters attacking and destroying private property, I generally support citizens' rights to defend that property. I think back to the [Korean-Americans that were defending their property](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCYT9Hew9ZU) in the '92 LA Riots, the Black Panthers in California [defending their communities](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZlnZCpXfpQ), or the tragedy of the ["Black Wall Street" Tulsa massacre in 1921](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-ItsPBTFO0). I was especially moved by the frustrated, black local business owner who was [screaming out](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxK8VzylOrQ) in frustration about looters and rioters destroying his business in the '92 LA Riots.

It's incredibly frustrating that people have intentionally and maliciously misconstrued a 16 second cut from a larger conversation to make it sound as though I don't support the BLM protests or somehow approve of racist white people indiscriminately killing protesters when this is an issue that I have been ruthlessly consistent on throughout the years. I unequivocally support BLM's right to both protest and riot against the public institutions that they view as oppressive. I have not changed or wavered on this stance in years.

Commit message:

Reduce hyperbole
As fun as hyperbole is, it seems it's generally avoided in these pages,
and this bullet stands out for that reason.

docs/current_events.md, after:

---
id: current_events
title: Current Events
description: My arguments about recent events and the prevailing narratives around them.
---

## The GameStop short squeeze

I've written extensively on my view of the wallstreetbets "fight" with Melvin Capital over the GameStop stock. The summary of my position is essentially the following:
- There was never any reason to believe a massive short squeeze was coming.
- The big winners were not "little retail traders."
- Robinhood did not halt trading to "protect hedge funds."
- Most alternative media figures/outlets got many fundamental facts of the case wrong.

For a longer and more formal write-up of my view on the GME situation, see my write-up here: **[BrainStop](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nFKt9Vd7bYsVSCIDwbXxrtUFTuJEFJbiOpEAgc2uw5k)**. I've also done a [video review](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHM4gFiem7s) of said document on my YouTube channel.

## Kyle Rittenhouse ("mowing down protestors")

*Also see: [protesting & rioting](./philosophy#protesting--rioting), [defense of property](./philosophy#defense-of-property)*

In general, I do not support vigilantism. I think Kyle Rittenhouse was clearly misguided in his attempts to cross state borders and should have stayed home. I also think there are steps he could have taken to minimize the risk of him needing to discharge a firearm.

Of a larger 20+ minute debate with someone, a short 16 second clip was cut to make it sound as though I support violence against Black Lives Matter protesters when this couldn't be further from the truth. I am incredibly heated in this clip, but I am clear when I state that my main frustration is with the few rioters burning down private businesses and the idea that Trump's only path to victory was with continued arson and destruction of privately owned businesses across the US ([full conversation in August of 2020 with context part clipped](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=1183&v=vMLJoUZZV1k&feature=youtu.be)).

I have always defended the existence of BLM and its purpose, sometimes in front of live audiences as the only liberal member on a panel. ([Jesse Lee Peterson panel in October of 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=5719&v=dtGovEfzG8U&feature=youtu.be) | [Conversation with call-in defending the existence and effectiveness of BLM's protests](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=387&v=eTkMgMzYmQc&feature=youtu.be) | [Panel debate in August of 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=605&v=Fk99OaajDo8&feature=youtu.be) | [Support in November of 2018 of Kaepernick kneeling in the NFL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=6&v=LDNSV5AUX4k&feature=youtu.be) | [Attacking Dave Rubin's criticisms of Kaepernick's protests in September 2017](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvd2AJ_oXM0))

I've consistently pushed back against "white lives matter" and similar types of irresponsible (see: racist) rhetoric from the right. ([Jesse Lee Peterson panel in October of 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZbROikHd_Y))

I have continually defended protesting, and even rioting against public institutions while pushing back against supporting the rioting/looting of private businesses, as I believe these are Republican tactics to draw attention away from the overwhelmingly positive protests. ([Discussion about Minneapolis protesting/looting in May of 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=639&v=oAQJfK9FKR8&feature=youtu.be) | [Debate with conservative/Neo-Nazi(?) Ethan Ralph in June 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=417&v=brlvVrI3dKE&feature=youtu.be) | [Discussion on my stream in September of 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=887&v=-FuT_caZCx8&feature=youtu.be))

My specific issue in this debate was that I didn't believe it was morally acceptable to defend rioters destroying private businesses, regardless of their legitimate grievances with the local police. When I think of rioters attacking and destroying private property, I generally support citizens' rights to defend that property. I think back to the [Korean-Americans that were defending their property](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCYT9Hew9ZU) in the '92 LA Riots, the Black Panthers in California [defending their communities](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZlnZCpXfpQ), or the tragedy of the ["Black Wall Street" Tulsa massacre in 1921](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-ItsPBTFO0). I was especially moved by the frustrated, black local business owner who was [screaming out](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxK8VzylOrQ) in frustration about looters and rioters destroying his business in the '92 LA Riots.

It's incredibly frustrating that people have intentionally and maliciously misconstrued a 16 second cut from a larger conversation to make it sound as though I don't support the BLM protests or somehow approve of racist white people indiscriminately killing protesters when this is an issue that I have been ruthlessly consistent on throughout the years. I unequivocally support BLM's right to both protest and riot against the public institutions that they view as oppressive. I have not changed or wavered on this stance in years.
