docs/other.md, before:

---
id: other
title: Other
---

## Public vs Private Language / The N-Word

In general, I am for free speech. However, I also think that public figures (including Twitch streamers and YouTubers) have a responsibility to use language that won't be misinterpreted by their most-toxic fans.

For example, imagine that I made a joke on-stream that included the N-word. If thousands of people happen to be watching the stream, it could be the case that one of them harbors resentment for black people. In hearing me say the joke, it might signal to them that not liking black people is acceptable, that using the N word is okay in all contexts, and so forth. Even though it seems likely that most normal people wouldn't ever jump to those conclusions, I have avoided making jokes like that in public, and will continue to.

With that said, this public responsibility does not extend to speech that I use in private. For example, imagine that I tell the same N-word joke to a small group of friends in a private context. If no-one in my friend group is racist, and everyone in my friend group knows that I am not a racist, then it would be impossible for the same type of hate-propagation to occur.

(I acknowledge that there can be degrees of racism; the above example is simplified to get the point across.)

I do not regularly use the N-word in my private interactions. With that said, I do not think that it is inherently wrong to tell a racist joke in private, and I will likely continue to do so in the future.

## Incest

In general, I do not support incest. This is mostly because there is a large power imbalance between the two parties (e.g. mother and son, older brother and younger sister), which is not healthy. There are many arguments against incest, but this is the best one.

Incest can be useful as a discussion topic in certain situations. This is because most people assume that incest is wrong, but have not given it much thought, and when pressed, cannot seem to articulate exactly why it is wrong. The ability to actually engage with the topic and go through it in a systematic way is demonstrative of a good thought process (and intelligence, more generally).

In the past, I've argued both for and against incest, depending on the situation, but not really for the purposes of proving that incest is correct/incorrect. Rather, it is mostly to see how others will grapple with the topic: will they have a good reason for why it is wrong, or will they just scream and resort to [ad hominem attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_hominem)?

## Child Pornography

I do not support child pornography or pedophilia.

In 2016, a fan emailed me with a link to an academic paper relating to child pornography. The authors of the paper suggested that it might be in the best interest of society to institute a program whereby pedophiles with repeat offenses would be allowed to consume old child pornography. The hope was that this would reduce their urges, resulting in a reduction of the amount of new child pornography getting produced, and a reduction of new kids getting abused.

Obviously, there are concerns with this idea: would we / should we get permission from the people in the old photographs/videos? Could it lead to an increase in first-time-offenses? And so on. However, in principle, if it could be demonstrated that the program would result in less children being abused, then I would be for the program, since I support less children being abused.

Nowadays, I understand that the program in question has not been particularly well-received. As a laymen, I do not actively follow the latest results in the criminology world, so I will continue to defer to the consensus of criminologists, and will continue to be in support of any program that they think will best result in less children being abused.

Commit message:

Minor grammar/punctuation fixes + a few suggested revisions (#9)
* MinorFixes

Just a few quick adjustments on things that stood out to me. While some these are purely fixes to grammatical/punctuational errors, I also recommended some revisions that ultimately come down to preference.

* MinorRevisions

Slight alteration to the beginning of the incest position to immediately address a common misconception people have with Destiny's position. Made a few additional suggestions as well.

Co-authored-by: Steven-Bonnell-II <Steven.Bonnell.II@GMail.com>

docs/other.md, after:

---
id: other
title: Other
---

## Public vs Private Language / The N-Word

In general, I am for free speech. However, I also think that public figures (including Twitch streamers and YouTubers) have a responsibility to use language that won't be misinterpreted by their most-toxic fans.

For example, imagine that I made a joke on-stream that included the N-word. If thousands of people happen to be watching the stream, it could be the case that one of them harbors resentment for black people. In hearing me say the joke, it might signal to them that not liking black people is acceptable, that using the N word is okay in all contexts, and so forth. Even though it seems likely that most normal people wouldn't ever jump to those conclusions, I have avoided making jokes like that in public, and will continue to.

With that said, this public responsibility does not extend to speech that I use in private. For example, imagine that I tell the same N-word joke to a small group of friends in a private context. If no-one in my friend group is racist, and everyone in my friend group knows that I am not a racist, then it would be impossible for the same type of hate-propagation to occur.

(I acknowledge that there can be degrees of racism; the above example is simplified to get the point across.)

I do not regularly use the N-word in my private interactions. With that said, I do not think that it is inherently wrong to tell a racist joke in private, and I will likely continue to do so in the future.

## Incest

There are some who claim that I "advocate for incest." This is not the case.

In general, I do not support incest. This is mostly because there often exist large power imbalances between the two parties involved (e.g. mother and son, older brother and younger sister), and such power inbalances are not healthy. There are many arguments against incest, but this is the best one.

Incest can be useful as a discussion topic in certain situations. This is because most people assume that incest is wrong, but have not given it much thought, and when pressed, cannot seem to articulate exactly why it is wrong (a phenomenon commonly referred to as ["moral dumbfounding"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_intuitionism)). The ability to actually engage with the topic and go through it in a systematic way is demonstrative of a rational thought process (and intelligence, more generally).

In the past, I've argued both for and against incest, depending on the situation, but not really for the purposes of proving that incest is correct/incorrect. Rather, it is mostly to see how others will grapple with the topic: will they have a good reason for why it is wrong, or will they just scream and resort to [ad hominem attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_hominem)?

## Child Pornography

I do not support child pornography or pedophilia.

In 2016, a fan emailed me with a link to an academic paper relating to child pornography. The authors of the paper suggested that it might be in the best interest of society to institute a program whereby pedophiles with repeat offenses would be allowed to consume old child pornography. The hope was that this would reduce their urges, resulting in a reduction of the amount of new child pornography getting produced, and a reduction of new kids getting abused.

Obviously, there are concerns with this idea: would we/should we get permission from the people in the old photographs and/or videos? Could it lead to an increase in first time offenses? And so on. However, in principle, if it could be demonstrated that the program would result in less children being abused, then I would be for the program, since I support less children being abused.

Nowadays, I understand that the program in question has not been particularly well-received. As a laymen, I do not actively follow the latest results in the criminology world, so I will continue to defer to the consensus of criminologists, and will continue to be in support of any program that they think will best result in less children being abused.
