docs/philosophy.md, before:

---
id: philosophy
title: Philosophy
---

## Protesting & Rioting

I ardently believe in a people's right to protest and I will always support the right to protest, even if I don't necessarily agree with positions being advocated for by any particular protest. For example, I would support the right of a pro-life group protesting the right to an abortion, but I wouldn't agree with the message of the pro-life group: that abortion is immoral, or should be outlawed.

Rioting is a slightly more complicated matter. When I speak about rioting, I am more precisely talking about protest that have some level of violence involved, namely that of property destruction. I do not support riots which seek to harm individuals in the United States at this point in time. I only support rioting against institutions that represent some oppressive force in society, so I *generally* only support rioting against public institutions, e.g. a police department, city hall, etc... It's not inconceivable that I would support a riot against a private institution, but only if that private institution was acting in an illegal manner.

### MLK & Riots

MLK is commonly cited as opposition to my position on riots, however, I believe this is due to misunderstanding selective quotes from MLK. I believe a a broader understanding of his speeches reveal to us that he was opposed to violent riots throughout his life, even as he condemned the conditions bringing them about.

[September 1966 talk with Mike Wallace](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/mlk-a-riot-is-the-language-of-the-unheard/#:~:text=In%20one%20of%20the%20most%20stirring%20refrains%20of%20his%20speech%2C%20Dr.&text=Three%20years%20later%20in%201966,civil%20rights%20movement%20were%20widening)
>KING (interview): **I will never change in my basic idea that non-violence is the most potent weapon available to the Negro in his struggle for freedom and justice.** I think **for the Negro to turn to violence would be both impractical and immoral.**
>
>MIKE WALLACE: There's an increasingly vocal minority who disagree totally with your tactics, Dr. King.
>
>KING: There's no doubt about that. I will agree that there is a group in the Negro community advocating violence now. I happen to feel that this group represents a numerical minority. Surveys have revealed this. The vast majority of Negroes still feel that the best way to deal with the dilemma that we face in this country is through non-violent resistance, and I don't think this vocal group will be able to make a real dent in the Negro community in terms of swaying 22 million Negroes to this particular point of view. And I contend that the cry of "black power" is, at bottom, a reaction to the reluctance of white power to make the kind of changes necessary to make justice a reality for the Negro. **I think that we've got to see that a riot is the language of the unheard.** And, what is it that America has failed to hear? It has failed to hear that the economic plight of the Negro poor has worsened over the last few years.

[April 1967 speech to Stanford University.](https://www.crmvet.org/docs/otheram.htm)
>Let me say as I've always said, and **I will always continue to say, that riots are socially destructive and self-defeating. I'm still convinced that nonviolence is the most potent weapon available to oppressed people in their struggle for freedom and justice. I feel that violence will only create more social problems than they will solve.** That in a real sense it is impracticable for the Negro to even think of mounting a violent revolution in the United States. So I will continue to condemn riots, and continue to say to my brothers and sisters that this is not the way. And continue to affirm that there is another way.
>
>But at the same time, **it is as necessary for me to be as vigorous in condemning the conditions which cause persons to feel that they must engage in riotous activities as it is for me to condemn riots.** I think America must see that riots do not develop out of thin air. Certain conditions continue to exist in our society which must be condemned as vigorously as we condemn riots. But in the final analysis, a riot is the language of the unheard. And what is it that America has failed to hear? It has failed to hear that the plight of the Negro poor has worsened over the last few years.

[1967 lecture "Nonviolence and Social Change"](https://jacobinmag.com/2018/04/martin-luther-king-jr-nonviolence-direct-action)
>Many people believe that the urban Negro is too angry and too sophisticated to be nonviolent. Those same people dismiss the nonviolent marches in the South and try to describe them as processions of pious, elderly ladies. The fact is that in all the marches we have organized some men of very violent tendencies have been involved. **It was routine for us to collect hundreds of knives from our own ranks before the demonstrations, in case of momentary weakness.** And in Chicago last year we saw some of the most violent individuals accepting nonviolent discipline. Day after day during those Chicago marches I walked in our lines and I never saw anyone retaliate with violence. There were lots of provocations, not only the screaming white hoodlums lining the sidewalks, but also groups of Negro militants talking about guerrilla warfare. We had some gang leaders and members marching with us. I remember walking with the Blackstone Rangers while bottles were flying from the sidelines, and I saw their noses being broken and blood flowing from their wounds; and I saw them continue and not retaliate, not one of them, with violence. **I am convinced that even very violent temperaments can be channeled through nonviolent discipline, if the movement is moving, if they can act constructively and express through an effective channel their very legitimate anger.**

[March 1968 speech at Grosse Pointe High School, "The Other America"](https://www.gphistorical.org/mlk/mlkspeech/mlk-gp-speech.pdf)
>Now I wanted to say something about the fact that we have lived over these last two or three summers with agony and we have seen our cities going up in flames. And I would be the first to say that **I am still committed to militant, powerful, massive, non-violence as the most potent weapon in grappling with the problem from a direct action point of view. I'm absolutely convinced that a riot merely intensifies the fears of the white community while relieving the guilt. And I feel that we must always work with an effective, powerful weapon and method that brings about tangible results.** But it is not enough for me to stand before you tonight and condemn riots. It would be morally irresponsible for me to do that without, at the same time, condemning the contingent, intolerable conditions that exist in our society. These conditions are the things that cause individuals to feel that they have no other alternative than to engage in violent rebellions to get attention. And I must say tonight that a riot is the language of the unheard.

## Public vs Private Humor

I enjoy all types of comedy, even if it's dark or offensive. Regardless of how I feel, personally, there is a wide chasm between the types of humor that I enjoy privately and the types of humor I believe are responsibly enjoyed publicly. I believe that public figures have to be more careful when engaging with potentially problematic types of humor because one cannot control the audience that may engage with particular types of humor; as public figures, we should avoid empowering groups of people who have ideologies rooted in values contradicting our own.

An example of a type of "edgy joke" might be the way I engage with a close friend relating to gender/sexuality/race. It might be an "inside joke" in private where my friend and I have cleared with each other that it's okay to joke about certain topics (e.g., my friend joking about me being Cuban, me joking about them being black, etc...). If we were to engage in these types of humor publicly without a large number of disclaimers, it's entirely possible that people could take these jokes the wrong way and engage with them problematically, e.g. "I heard Destiny make fun of xyz for being gay, now I'm going to make fun of other gay people because it was funny!"

Because of people obsessively trying to get "optics victories" over me, this entire argument becomes reframed as "saying the n-word in private." I don't regularly use any hateful language in private because I honestly just don't know many jokes involving hateful language, not to say that that there aren't [any examples](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdY89tENgmM) of such jokes.

## Incest

There are some who claim that I "advocate for incest." This is not the case.

In general, I do not support incest. This is mostly because there often exist large power imbalances between the two parties involved (e.g. mother and son, older brother and younger sister), and such power imbalances are not healthy. There are many arguments against incest, but this is the best one.

Incest can be useful as a discussion topic in certain situations. This is because most people assume that incest is wrong, but have not given it much thought, and when pressed, cannot seem to articulate exactly why it is wrong (a phenomenon commonly referred to as ["moral dumbfounding"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_intuitionism)). The ability to actually engage with the topic and go through it in a systematic way is demonstrative of a rational thought process (and intelligence, more generally).

In the past, I've argued both for and against incest, depending on the situation, but not really for the purposes of proving that incest is correct/incorrect. Rather, it is mostly to see how others will grapple with the topic: will they have a good reason for why it is wrong, or will they just scream and resort to [ad hominem attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_hominem)?

## Child Pornography

I do not support child pornography or pedophilia.

In 2016, a fan emailed me with a link to an academic paper relating to child pornography. The authors of the paper suggested that it might be in the best interest of society to institute a program whereby pedophiles with repeat offenses would be allowed to consume old child pornography. The hope was that this would reduce their urges, resulting in a reduction of the amount of new child pornography getting produced, and a reduction of new kids getting abused.

Obviously, there are concerns with this idea: would we/should we get permission from the people in the old photographs and/or videos? Could it lead to an increase in first time offenses? And so on. However, in principle, if it could be demonstrated that the program would result in less children being abused, then I would be for the program, since I support less children being abused.

Nowadays, I understand that the program in question has not been particularly well-received. As a layman, I do not actively follow the latest results in the criminology world, so I will continue to defer to the consensus of criminologists, and will continue to be in support of any program that they think will best result in less children being abused.

Commit message:

Destiny staging (#56)
* changed the public vs private language section

* Updated about/current_events/personal files.

* Added video link under GME section.

* adding "alt-right beliefs" and "demographic changes" sections

docs/philosophy.md, after:

---
id: philosophy
title: Philosophy
---

## Alt-right Talking Points

### Protecting our Demographics

Many on the far right express a great concern over protecting the demographic make-up of whatever community they reside in. They might allude to "western values," "white values," "euro-centric values" or some other type of "values" that they are trying to protect. Generally they state the desire to protect these values stems from both an ernest desire to preserve their culture as well as protecting their voting interests.

I believe that this endeavor is futile for several reasons:
- I reject the notion that there is a consistent and coherent definition of "American values."
    - e.g. City dwellers from San Francisco aren't going to have very many "shared values" with rural inhabitants of midwestern states.
- I don't believe there is any way for an individual community to control who is allowed to immigrate there without it violating the rights and interests of other states.
    - Immigration policy is set for the benefit of the nation at the federal level, states exercising local immigration policy would run counter-intuitive to the rest of the state's rights to determine federal immigration policy.
- I don't believe a group of people have a right to indefinitely maintain their representation irrespective of immigrants (from other states, or countries).
    - The idea that one group of people can live somewhere forever and reject foreign immigrants simply because they have a different voting preference is nonsensical.

## Protesting & Rioting

I ardently believe in a people's right to protest and I will always support the right to protest, even if I don't necessarily agree with positions being advocated for by any particular protest. For example, I would support the right of a pro-life group protesting the right to an abortion, but I wouldn't agree with the message of the pro-life group: that abortion is immoral, or should be outlawed.

Rioting is a slightly more complicated matter. When I speak about rioting, I am more precisely talking about protest that have some level of violence involved, namely that of property destruction. I do not support riots which seek to harm individuals in the United States at this point in time. I only support rioting against institutions that represent some oppressive force in society, so I *generally* only support rioting against public institutions, e.g. a police department, city hall, etc... It's not inconceivable that I would support a riot against a private institution, but only if that private institution was acting in an illegal manner.

### MLK & Riots

MLK is commonly cited as opposition to my position on riots, however, I believe this is due to misunderstanding selective quotes from MLK. I believe a a broader understanding of his speeches reveal to us that he was opposed to violent riots throughout his life, even as he condemned the conditions bringing them about.

[September 1966 talk with Mike Wallace](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/mlk-a-riot-is-the-language-of-the-unheard/#:~:text=In%20one%20of%20the%20most%20stirring%20refrains%20of%20his%20speech%2C%20Dr.&text=Three%20years%20later%20in%201966,civil%20rights%20movement%20were%20widening)
>KING (interview): **I will never change in my basic idea that non-violence is the most potent weapon available to the Negro in his struggle for freedom and justice.** I think **for the Negro to turn to violence would be both impractical and immoral.**
>
>MIKE WALLACE: There's an increasingly vocal minority who disagree totally with your tactics, Dr. King.
>
>KING: There's no doubt about that. I will agree that there is a group in the Negro community advocating violence now. I happen to feel that this group represents a numerical minority. Surveys have revealed this. The vast majority of Negroes still feel that the best way to deal with the dilemma that we face in this country is through non-violent resistance, and I don't think this vocal group will be able to make a real dent in the Negro community in terms of swaying 22 million Negroes to this particular point of view. And I contend that the cry of "black power" is, at bottom, a reaction to the reluctance of white power to make the kind of changes necessary to make justice a reality for the Negro. **I think that we've got to see that a riot is the language of the unheard.** And, what is it that America has failed to hear? It has failed to hear that the economic plight of the Negro poor has worsened over the last few years.

[April 1967 speech to Stanford University.](https://www.crmvet.org/docs/otheram.htm)
>Let me say as I've always said, and **I will always continue to say, that riots are socially destructive and self-defeating. I'm still convinced that nonviolence is the most potent weapon available to oppressed people in their struggle for freedom and justice. I feel that violence will only create more social problems than they will solve.** That in a real sense it is impracticable for the Negro to even think of mounting a violent revolution in the United States. So I will continue to condemn riots, and continue to say to my brothers and sisters that this is not the way. And continue to affirm that there is another way.
>
>But at the same time, **it is as necessary for me to be as vigorous in condemning the conditions which cause persons to feel that they must engage in riotous activities as it is for me to condemn riots.** I think America must see that riots do not develop out of thin air. Certain conditions continue to exist in our society which must be condemned as vigorously as we condemn riots. But in the final analysis, a riot is the language of the unheard. And what is it that America has failed to hear? It has failed to hear that the plight of the Negro poor has worsened over the last few years.

[1967 lecture "Nonviolence and Social Change"](https://jacobinmag.com/2018/04/martin-luther-king-jr-nonviolence-direct-action)
>Many people believe that the urban Negro is too angry and too sophisticated to be nonviolent. Those same people dismiss the nonviolent marches in the South and try to describe them as processions of pious, elderly ladies. The fact is that in all the marches we have organized some men of very violent tendencies have been involved. **It was routine for us to collect hundreds of knives from our own ranks before the demonstrations, in case of momentary weakness.** And in Chicago last year we saw some of the most violent individuals accepting nonviolent discipline. Day after day during those Chicago marches I walked in our lines and I never saw anyone retaliate with violence. There were lots of provocations, not only the screaming white hoodlums lining the sidewalks, but also groups of Negro militants talking about guerrilla warfare. We had some gang leaders and members marching with us. I remember walking with the Blackstone Rangers while bottles were flying from the sidelines, and I saw their noses being broken and blood flowing from their wounds; and I saw them continue and not retaliate, not one of them, with violence. **I am convinced that even very violent temperaments can be channeled through nonviolent discipline, if the movement is moving, if they can act constructively and express through an effective channel their very legitimate anger.**

[March 1968 speech at Grosse Pointe High School, "The Other America"](https://www.gphistorical.org/mlk/mlkspeech/mlk-gp-speech.pdf)
>Now I wanted to say something about the fact that we have lived over these last two or three summers with agony and we have seen our cities going up in flames. And I would be the first to say that **I am still committed to militant, powerful, massive, non-violence as the most potent weapon in grappling with the problem from a direct action point of view. I'm absolutely convinced that a riot merely intensifies the fears of the white community while relieving the guilt. And I feel that we must always work with an effective, powerful weapon and method that brings about tangible results.** But it is not enough for me to stand before you tonight and condemn riots. It would be morally irresponsible for me to do that without, at the same time, condemning the contingent, intolerable conditions that exist in our society. These conditions are the things that cause individuals to feel that they have no other alternative than to engage in violent rebellions to get attention. And I must say tonight that a riot is the language of the unheard.

## Public vs Private Humor

I enjoy all types of comedy, even if it's dark or offensive. Regardless of how I feel, personally, there is a wide chasm between the types of humor that I enjoy privately and the types of humor I believe are responsibly enjoyed publicly. I believe that public figures have to be more careful when engaging with potentially problematic types of humor because one cannot control the audience that may engage with particular types of humor; as public figures, we should avoid empowering groups of people who have ideologies rooted in values contradicting our own.

An example of a type of "edgy joke" might be the way I engage with a close friend relating to gender/sexuality/race. It might be an "inside joke" in private where my friend and I have cleared with each other that it's okay to joke about certain topics (e.g., my friend joking about me being Cuban, me joking about them being black, etc...). If we were to engage in these types of humor publicly without a large number of disclaimers, it's entirely possible that people could take these jokes the wrong way and engage with them problematically, e.g. "I heard Destiny make fun of xyz for being gay, now I'm going to make fun of other gay people because it was funny!"

Because of people obsessively trying to get "optics victories" over me, this entire argument becomes reframed as "saying the n-word in private." I don't regularly use any hateful language in private because I honestly just don't know many jokes involving hateful language, not to say that that there aren't [any examples](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdY89tENgmM) of such jokes.

## Incest

There are some who claim that I "advocate for incest." This is not the case.

In general, I do not support incest. This is mostly because there often exist large power imbalances between the two parties involved (e.g. mother and son, older brother and younger sister), and such power imbalances are not healthy. There are many arguments against incest, but this is the best one.

Incest can be useful as a discussion topic in certain situations. This is because most people assume that incest is wrong, but have not given it much thought, and when pressed, cannot seem to articulate exactly why it is wrong (a phenomenon commonly referred to as ["moral dumbfounding"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_intuitionism)). The ability to actually engage with the topic and go through it in a systematic way is demonstrative of a rational thought process (and intelligence, more generally).

In the past, I've argued both for and against incest, depending on the situation, but not really for the purposes of proving that incest is correct/incorrect. Rather, it is mostly to see how others will grapple with the topic: will they have a good reason for why it is wrong, or will they just scream and resort to [ad hominem attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_hominem)?

## Child Pornography

I do not support child pornography or pedophilia.

In 2016, a fan emailed me with a link to an academic paper relating to child pornography. The authors of the paper suggested that it might be in the best interest of society to institute a program whereby pedophiles with repeat offenses would be allowed to consume old child pornography. The hope was that this would reduce their urges, resulting in a reduction of the amount of new child pornography getting produced, and a reduction of new kids getting abused.

Obviously, there are concerns with this idea: would we/should we get permission from the people in the old photographs and/or videos? Could it lead to an increase in first time offenses? And so on. However, in principle, if it could be demonstrated that the program would result in less children being abused, then I would be for the program, since I support less children being abused.

Nowadays, I understand that the program in question has not been particularly well-received. As a layman, I do not actively follow the latest results in the criminology world, so I will continue to defer to the consensus of criminologists, and will continue to be in support of any program that they think will best result in less children being abused.
