docs/politics.md, before:

---
id: politics
title: Politics
---

## Political Discourse in General

The reason that I got into politics in the first place was because I noticed a lot of bad arguments and faulty reasoning throughout online discourse. I support fact-based discussion, trying to be [charitable](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_charity) to the other side, doing at least a bare minimum of research on a topic before speaking about it, and not sensationalizing the news for a political narrative.

To be fair, I have been streaming for over 10 years. You will be able to find plenty of times where I have used bad arguments, wasn't charitable, or didn't do a proper amount of research on a topic. But I do strive to live up to these ideals, and feel like I do a pretty good job most of the time.

## Omni-Liberalism

In politics, it can be useful to know which particular ideology someone subscribes to. However, I do not fall perfectly in-line with any particular ideology. I describe myself as an *Omni-Liberal*, which is a made-up, tongue-in-cheek term to encapsulate the general position of:

1. Having the core values of liberalism (e.g. freedom and equality).
2. Taking the best parts of all different kinds of political ideologies and using them together in a pragmatic way.

## Philosophical Axioms and Consistency

I think that political positions should be the result of a consistent system - namely, an underlying philosophical or moral framework. My personal system starts with the axiom of wanting to maximize my own internal happiness. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-eTcjGsK08) provides a full explanation.

My political positions generally follow from my moral system. I think that this is a much better state of affairs than having my positional positions be inherited from my parents, or inherited from a particular political party.

A lot of political debate actually just boils down to having a different moral system. Instead of two people arguing at a surface level about an issue, it is sometimes more useful to dive down and try to figure out what the other person actually believes at a fundamental level. This is why hypotheticals are an extremely useful tool - they can help pinpoint exactly where you disagree with someone else.

## Libertarianism

[Libertarianism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libertarianism) is concerned with maximizing liberty and personal freedom. I viewed myself as a libertarian when I was a teenager and have read books by [Ayn Rand](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ayn_Rand).

I am still pro liberty and pro freedom, but my political views have evolved. Libertarianism does not seem to do a very good job at solving some major problems, like social inequality and global warming. The latter, in particular, seems likely only to be solved by international cooperation at a global level.

## The Alt-Right

I do not support the alt-right, but I will acknowledge that there is a real problem with many Americans feeling like they have been left-behind.

My most recent [debate with Erik Striker & James Allsup](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X48MhURMh1A) is emblematic of most discourse that I have had with alt-right figures. When confronted with challenges to their ideas, many retreat to anecdotes. Most concerningly, they have no real policy positions and no plan to actually affect political change.

## Populism

I do not support [populism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Populism).

Populism is usually defined as "the people" versus "the elites". This happens on both the right (e.g. the alt-right & Donald Trump) and the left (e.g. Bernie-or-Busters). Populism is powerful because it feeds off negative emotions, but is often not based in facts.

## Capitalism

I would consider myself to be a capitalist, with some caveats.

At a high-level, capitalism is the best-known mechanism to generate wealth and make everyone better off. This is completely non-controversial and is what most actual economists and political scientists believe, and has been demonstrated over and over throughout history.

However, there are different kinds of capitalism, ranging from *[laissez-faire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laissez-faire)* (e.g. free market) to [state capitalism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_capitalism) (e.g. China). We know that completely free-market systems have serious downsides, such as monopolies, and not properly accounting for externalities (e.g. pollution, global warming). Thus, I believe that capitalism should be tempered by a strong government that tries to correct for these problems. (Not surprisingly, this is the exact state of affairs in nearly all advanced economies in the world.)

## Socialism / Communism

### The Academic Arguments

In order to learn more about socialism, I have had discussions with many people who self-identify as [socialists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialism), including [Michael Albert](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Albert) (an economist, see [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7tfIxcQYPU)), [Ben Burgis](https://twitter.com/BenBurgis) (Jacobin columnist, see [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaKBp9x3CpE&t=163s)), and more. (Search YouTube for "destiny socialism").

When we actually get into the nitty-gritty of how socialism would work on a day to day basis, there are things that socialists cannot explain or have murky explanations for, such as how new capital is allocated, and how workers can change their positions.

My deep-dive into socialism has resulted in a high amount of skepticism with many of its claims.

### Online Socialist Activism

A lot of the discourse around socialism (e.g. on Twitch, YouTube, and Twitter) are from people who are widely ignorant of economics and how capital markets actually work. Plenty of socialist-leaning content creators have a fundamental misunderstanding of basic facts, such as [Philosophy Tube's video on housing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBbhZWZf0gM).

While there are plenty of highly intelligent people who identify as a socialist, my general interactions with "online socialists" or "online lefties" from 2018 to 2020 have left me with a very low impression of the community at large.

### Co-ops

Co-ops, or [cooperatives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooperative), are business owned by the workers. Many advocates of socialism argue that co-ops have many benefits, and co-ops would certainly be a primary part of most forms of socialism.

I don't see anything inherently wrong with co-ops. I agree that they could, theoretically, be a superior way of organizing a business. If you want to experiment with making a co-op, you should do so.

With that said, if co-ops were really a vehicle for increased happiness, productivity, quality, or efficiency, then it seems likely that they would already have caught on and would already be widespread throughout society.

### Political Ineffectiveness

A major gripe that I have with "online socialism" is that it is politically impotent.

All policies instituted by the government are going to have pros and cons. Let's debate these policies and try to find out which ones will be the best. Once we know that, we can then put pressure on our local politicians and state representatives to try and implement the ones that are politically feasible.

But most socialists that I talk to have no actual policy positions. They live in a fantasy land where all capital is abolished, without a plan for how to get there and without a plan for solving the actual problems that we are facing right now.

Also see [the section on voting](#voting).

## Social Justice

I think that social justice is a real thing. We have made a ton of progress so far (in e.g. ending slavery, ending redlining, legalizing gay marriage) but we are not at the finish line yet. In general, the government should work to protect the rights of minority groups, including trans people.

Sometimes, social justice can go too far (e.g. [Rachel Dolezal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rachel_Dolezal) & "transracialism", Twitch banning the "blind playthrough" tag, completely made up pronouns based on animals). On the other hand, a lot of people against social justice have ridiculous and overblown concepts of what social justice even is (from e.g. watching "SJW owns" videos on YouTube).

The right place is somewhere in the middle. I advocate that you should try to have respect for other people, especially if doing so won't inconvienence you that much. In general, this means that if someone wants you to call them she/her, then you should probably be polite and do so.

Also see the section on [systemic racism](#systemic-racism).

## Diversity

In general, I think that diversity is a good thing, but it can be taken too far. It would be a mistake for groups and organizations to strive for a purely equal representation of all genders and races - the best person should get the job, regardless of what gender or race they are.

But at the same time, there is a big difference in a group with 10 men versus a group with 9 men + 1 women. When hiring the 10th person for this group, if a man and a women have similar credentials, it might benefit the group a lot more to hire the women - the group would gain a different perspective and it would be more well-rounded.

A great anecdote showcasing this concept is the software engineers who developed the first successful facial recognition software. As the story goes, when the engineers were refining their algorithms and testing them out, they were testing on themselves and people in their local area. It was only later, when the technology got to be used in a more widespread fashion, did they realize that it had [problems categorizing black faces](https://www.wired.com/story/best-algorithms-struggle-recognize-black-faces-equally/). Oops! If the team had had one black engineer, it might have helped the team to catch this problem early on, resulting in a higher-quality and more well-rounded product.

Anecdotes aside, what does the data say? Research tends to show that [diversity does tend to have benefits](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-diversity-makes-us-smarter/), but [it isn't completely one-sided](https://hbr.org/2016/07/why-diversity-programs-fail).

Also see the section on [affirmative action](#affirmative-action).

## Affirmative Action

I am neither for nor against affirmative action - it depends on how it is implemented.

For example, I am against [California's "woman quota" for corporate boards](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2019/11/14/this-state-requires-company-boards-include-women-new-lawsuit-says-thats-unconstitutional/), because it seems like it is going too far.

Also see the section on [diversity](#diversity).

## Systemic Racism

[Systemic racism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Institutional_racism) is racism embedded into a system. The interesting thing about systemic racism is that no-one in the system is necessarily to blame. For example, say that the hypothetical police force of Oceania was systemically racist - it had a computer system that was programmed to assign more police drivebys to black neighborhoods than white neighborhoods. In this system, it is possible that **every single policeman and policewomen** in the entire force is a black-loving certified anti-racist. But the police force would still be racist.

We have pretty strong evidence that in the United States, there are some lingering forms of systemic racism. For example, by [looking at graphs of where redlining existed](https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/10/19/498536077/interactive-redlining-map-zooms-in-on-americas-history-of-discrimination), we can see that the effects of redlining still affect outcomes (in a statistical, on-average way).

Just like in Oceania, this doesn't necessarily mean that ordinary people are to blame. Of course, there are probably racist people in the country somewhere still in charge of bank loans or city planning - but, for the most part, I think that we have that sorted out. We need to focus on the more complicated problems.

I think that systemic racist clearly exists (in some forms). I don't have a strong opinion on the best policies to address it.

Also see the section on [reparations](#reparations).

## Reparations

After the civil war, [former slaves were promised 40 acres and a mule](https://www.pbs.org/wnet/african-americans-many-rivers-to-cross/history/the-truth-behind-40-acres-and-a-mule/) by William T. Sherman. This was approved by President Lincoln. Later, the federal government renegged on this promise, which seems pretty unfair.

There are many different reasons for wanting reparations, but I think that the best one is purely for the purposes of (finally) fuffilling a debt that was promised.

Logistically, implementing reparations would be difficult. (Who exactly gets the money? How much money is equivalent to 40 acres, adjusted for inflation?) I acknowledge that reparations are probably not politically feasiable.

## Voting

Voting is important.

People in America (and around the world) have problems <strong>right now</strong> that need to be solved. And that's best done by working within the current system, building coalitions with like-minded people, and voting for the best candidate (at both a local and a national level).

## Global Warming

I think that global warming is a real thing and is anthroprogenic (e.g. caused by humans).

Unfortunately, I have low hopes that the world will be able to agree to reduce carbon emissions to prevent significant warming (<4°C).

I don't support any particular policies relating to global warming, although I would like to see America (and the rest of the world) become carbon neutral as fast as reasonably possible.

## The Green New Deal

I do not support the [Green New Deal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green_New_Deal), a policy championed by the [Justice Democrats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justice_Democrats).

While I would like to see policies that bring America closer to being carbon-neutral, the Green New Deal includes a federal-jobs-guarantee, which is absurd. Even if I did agree with a federal-jobs-guarantee, it wouldn't be politically viable: every single Republican is against it, and some Democrats besides.

## International Trade Agreements

I am highly in favor of international trade agreements, especially large binding agreements like the now-dead [Trans-Pacific Partership](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trans-Pacific_Partnership) that Obama championed. This is mostly for two reasons:

1. International cooperation - International trade agreements lay the groundwork for even more international trade agreements. Ever-increasing cooperation is one of the only hopes we have at solving global warming.
2. American soft power - In forfeiting the TPP, America cedes ground to China and their [Belt and Road Initiaitive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belt_and_Road_Initiative). Soft power is more important than you might think. Without it, we lose the ability to exert pressure on other countries to respect the values of democracy, personal freedom, political freedom, and basic human rights.

## Violence

In general, I am against violence. However, I think it is probably okay to be physically violent in response to some forms of political violence (e.g. wrongful deportation).

## Protesting & Rioting

I am for non-violent protesting. Protesting is a legitimate form of political activism and has a long history of being a "very-American" thing to do (e.g. the original [Boston Tea Party](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Tea_Party)).

Additionally, I am for violent protesting (e.g. rioting), but only if the destruction of property is public (e.g. a government building like a courthouse).

I am not for rioting when the destruction of property is private (e.g. a local business).

## Kyle Rittenhouse

First, see my position on [protesting & rioting](#protesting--rioting).

In general, I do not support vigilantism. I think Kyle Rittenhouse was clearly misguided in his attempts to cross state borders and should have stayed home.

Also see the section on [defense of property](#defense-of-property).

## Defense of Property

Putting aside whether Kyle Rittenhouse was "in the right" or "in the wrong", I think that we can have a separate discussion on defending property. I think that, in general, people have a right to defend their property. 

For example, if someone wants to destroy your local business, then you have a right to defend your local business. It does not really make a difference whether or not the people who want to destroy your business are pro-black, pro-nazi, or pro-Jesus Christ.

Furthermore, I think that people have a right to defend their property with lethal force, but only if the attacker has been given notice. In other words, if Alice says "I will shoot you if you try to burn down my business", and Bob hears this, and tries to burn down the business anyway, Alice should be in the moral clear to fatally shoot them.

(I dutifully acknowledge that there can be degrees of escalation and de-escalation; the above example is simplified to get the point across.)

Many disagreements over whether or not defense of personal property is justified boil down to a difference of underlying values. Middle-class and well-off people may underestimate the personal sacrifice and the years of time invested into obtaining a business, a car, or even something as simple as a stereo system.

## Stock Buybacks

Stock buybacks are sometimes characterized as being greedy, benefitting stockholders over employees, or as choosing to avoid research into research & development. This is largely a fiction spun by the financially illiterate. [TBC]

Unfortunately, some public figures (e.g. [Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria_Ocasio-Cortez)) seem to be ignorant on these points.

## Robin Hood

On January 28, 2021, [Robinhood restricted the trading of certain stocks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robinhood_(company)#2021_short_squeeze). In some media outlets and throughout independant media, this was reported as being a conspiracy of "the rich" against "the little guy", which was a gross mispresentation of what actually happened and showcases a woeful misunderstanding of how finance works.

[TBC]

Commit message:

Fix misspeaks in the politics page
Social Justice
inconvenience

Reparations
reneged
fulfilling
feasible

Climate Change
anthropogenic

International Trade Agreements
Partnership
initiative

Robinhood
independent

docs/politics.md, after:

---
id: politics
title: Politics
---

## Political Discourse in General

The reason that I got into politics in the first place was because I noticed a lot of bad arguments and faulty reasoning throughout online discourse. I support fact-based discussion, trying to be [charitable](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_charity) to the other side, doing at least a bare minimum of research on a topic before speaking about it, and not sensationalizing the news for a political narrative.

To be fair, I have been streaming for over 10 years. You will be able to find plenty of times where I have used bad arguments, wasn't charitable, or didn't do a proper amount of research on a topic. But I do strive to live up to these ideals, and feel like I do a pretty good job most of the time.

## Omni-Liberalism

In politics, it can be useful to know which particular ideology someone subscribes to. However, I do not fall perfectly in-line with any particular ideology. I describe myself as an *Omni-Liberal*, which is a made-up, tongue-in-cheek term to encapsulate the general position of:

1. Having the core values of liberalism (e.g. freedom and equality).
2. Taking the best parts of all different kinds of political ideologies and using them together in a pragmatic way.

## Philosophical Axioms and Consistency

I think that political positions should be the result of a consistent system - namely, an underlying philosophical or moral framework. My personal system starts with the axiom of wanting to maximize my own internal happiness. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-eTcjGsK08) provides a full explanation.

My political positions generally follow from my moral system. I think that this is a much better state of affairs than having my positional positions be inherited from my parents, or inherited from a particular political party.

A lot of political debate actually just boils down to having a different moral system. Instead of two people arguing at a surface level about an issue, it is sometimes more useful to dive down and try to figure out what the other person actually believes at a fundamental level. This is why hypotheticals are an extremely useful tool - they can help pinpoint exactly where you disagree with someone else.

## Libertarianism

[Libertarianism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libertarianism) is concerned with maximizing liberty and personal freedom. I viewed myself as a libertarian when I was a teenager and have read books by [Ayn Rand](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ayn_Rand).

I am still pro liberty and pro freedom, but my political views have evolved. Libertarianism does not seem to do a very good job at solving some major problems, like social inequality and global warming. The latter, in particular, seems likely only to be solved by international cooperation at a global level.

## The Alt-Right

I do not support the alt-right, but I will acknowledge that there is a real problem with many Americans feeling like they have been left-behind.

My most recent [debate with Erik Striker & James Allsup](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X48MhURMh1A) is emblematic of most discourse that I have had with alt-right figures. When confronted with challenges to their ideas, many retreat to anecdotes. Most concerningly, they have no real policy positions and no plan to actually affect political change.

## Populism

I do not support [populism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Populism).

Populism is usually defined as "the people" versus "the elites". This happens on both the right (e.g. the alt-right & Donald Trump) and the left (e.g. Bernie-or-Busters). Populism is powerful because it feeds off negative emotions, but is often not based in facts.

## Capitalism

I would consider myself to be a capitalist, with some caveats.

At a high-level, capitalism is the best-known mechanism to generate wealth and make everyone better off. This is completely non-controversial and is what most actual economists and political scientists believe, and has been demonstrated over and over throughout history.

However, there are different kinds of capitalism, ranging from *[laissez-faire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laissez-faire)* (e.g. free market) to [state capitalism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_capitalism) (e.g. China). We know that completely free-market systems have serious downsides, such as monopolies, and not properly accounting for externalities (e.g. pollution, global warming). Thus, I believe that capitalism should be tempered by a strong government that tries to correct for these problems. (Not surprisingly, this is the exact state of affairs in nearly all advanced economies in the world.)

## Socialism / Communism

### The Academic Arguments

In order to learn more about socialism, I have had discussions with many people who self-identify as [socialists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialism), including [Michael Albert](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Albert) (an economist, see [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7tfIxcQYPU)), [Ben Burgis](https://twitter.com/BenBurgis) (Jacobin columnist, see [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaKBp9x3CpE&t=163s)), and more. (Search YouTube for "destiny socialism").

When we actually get into the nitty-gritty of how socialism would work on a day to day basis, there are things that socialists cannot explain or have murky explanations for, such as how new capital is allocated, and how workers can change their positions.

My deep-dive into socialism has resulted in a high amount of skepticism with many of its claims.

### Online Socialist Activism

A lot of the discourse around socialism (e.g. on Twitch, YouTube, and Twitter) are from people who are widely ignorant of economics and how capital markets actually work. Plenty of socialist-leaning content creators have a fundamental misunderstanding of basic facts, such as [Philosophy Tube's video on housing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBbhZWZf0gM).

While there are plenty of highly intelligent people who identify as a socialist, my general interactions with "online socialists" or "online lefties" from 2018 to 2020 have left me with a very low impression of the community at large.

### Co-ops

Co-ops, or [cooperatives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooperative), are business owned by the workers. Many advocates of socialism argue that co-ops have many benefits, and co-ops would certainly be a primary part of most forms of socialism.

I don't see anything inherently wrong with co-ops. I agree that they could, theoretically, be a superior way of organizing a business. If you want to experiment with making a co-op, you should do so.

With that said, if co-ops were really a vehicle for increased happiness, productivity, quality, or efficiency, then it seems likely that they would already have caught on and would already be widespread throughout society.

### Political Ineffectiveness

A major gripe that I have with "online socialism" is that it is politically impotent.

All policies instituted by the government are going to have pros and cons. Let's debate these policies and try to find out which ones will be the best. Once we know that, we can then put pressure on our local politicians and state representatives to try and implement the ones that are politically feasible.

But most socialists that I talk to have no actual policy positions. They live in a fantasy land where all capital is abolished, without a plan for how to get there and without a plan for solving the actual problems that we are facing right now.

Also see [the section on voting](#voting).

## Social Justice

I think that social justice is a real thing. We have made a ton of progress so far (in e.g. ending slavery, ending redlining, legalizing gay marriage) but we are not at the finish line yet. In general, the government should work to protect the rights of minority groups, including trans people.

Sometimes, social justice can go too far (e.g. [Rachel Dolezal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rachel_Dolezal) & "transracialism", Twitch banning the "blind playthrough" tag, completely made up pronouns based on animals). On the other hand, a lot of people against social justice have ridiculous and overblown concepts of what social justice even is (from e.g. watching "SJW owns" videos on YouTube).

The right place is somewhere in the middle. I advocate that you should try to have respect for other people, especially if doing so won't inconvenience you that much. In general, this means that if someone wants you to call them she/her, then you should probably be polite and do so.

Also see the section on [systemic racism](#systemic-racism).

## Diversity

In general, I think that diversity is a good thing, but it can be taken too far. It would be a mistake for groups and organizations to strive for a purely equal representation of all genders and races - the best person should get the job, regardless of what gender or race they are.

But at the same time, there is a big difference in a group with 10 men versus a group with 9 men + 1 women. When hiring the 10th person for this group, if a man and a women have similar credentials, it might benefit the group a lot more to hire the women - the group would gain a different perspective and it would be more well-rounded.

A great anecdote showcasing this concept is the software engineers who developed the first successful facial recognition software. As the story goes, when the engineers were refining their algorithms and testing them out, they were testing on themselves and people in their local area. It was only later, when the technology got to be used in a more widespread fashion, did they realize that it had [problems categorizing black faces](https://www.wired.com/story/best-algorithms-struggle-recognize-black-faces-equally/). Oops! If the team had had one black engineer, it might have helped the team to catch this problem early on, resulting in a higher-quality and more well-rounded product.

Anecdotes aside, what does the data say? Research tends to show that [diversity does tend to have benefits](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-diversity-makes-us-smarter/), but [it isn't completely one-sided](https://hbr.org/2016/07/why-diversity-programs-fail).

Also see the section on [affirmative action](#affirmative-action).

## Affirmative Action

I am neither for nor against affirmative action - it depends on how it is implemented.

For example, I am against [California's "woman quota" for corporate boards](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2019/11/14/this-state-requires-company-boards-include-women-new-lawsuit-says-thats-unconstitutional/), because it seems like it is going too far.

Also see the section on [diversity](#diversity).

## Systemic Racism

[Systemic racism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Institutional_racism) is racism embedded into a system. The interesting thing about systemic racism is that no-one in the system is necessarily to blame. For example, say that the hypothetical police force of Oceania was systemically racist - it had a computer system that was programmed to assign more police drivebys to black neighborhoods than white neighborhoods. In this system, it is possible that **every single policeman and policewomen** in the entire force is a black-loving certified anti-racist. But the police force would still be racist.

We have pretty strong evidence that in the United States, there are some lingering forms of systemic racism. For example, by [looking at graphs of where redlining existed](https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/10/19/498536077/interactive-redlining-map-zooms-in-on-americas-history-of-discrimination), we can see that the effects of redlining still affect outcomes (in a statistical, on-average way).

Just like in Oceania, this doesn't necessarily mean that ordinary people are to blame. Of course, there are probably racist people in the country somewhere still in charge of bank loans or city planning - but, for the most part, I think that we have that sorted out. We need to focus on the more complicated problems.

I think that systemic racist clearly exists (in some forms). I don't have a strong opinion on the best policies to address it.

Also see the section on [reparations](#reparations).

## Reparations

After the civil war, [former slaves were promised 40 acres and a mule](https://www.pbs.org/wnet/african-americans-many-rivers-to-cross/history/the-truth-behind-40-acres-and-a-mule/) by William T. Sherman. This was approved by President Lincoln. Later, the federal government reneged on this promise, which seems pretty unfair.

There are many different reasons for wanting reparations, but I think that the best one is purely for the purposes of (finally) fulfilling a debt that was promised.

Logistically, implementing reparations would be difficult. (Who exactly gets the money? How much money is equivalent to 40 acres, adjusted for inflation?) I acknowledge that reparations are probably not politically feasible.

## Voting

Voting is important.

People in America (and around the world) have problems <strong>right now</strong> that need to be solved. And that's best done by working within the current system, building coalitions with like-minded people, and voting for the best candidate (at both a local and a national level).

## Global Warming

I think that global warming is a real thing and is anthropogenic (e.g. caused by humans).

Unfortunately, I have low hopes that the world will be able to agree to reduce carbon emissions to prevent significant warming (<4°C).

I don't support any particular policies relating to global warming, although I would like to see America (and the rest of the world) become carbon neutral as fast as reasonably possible.

## The Green New Deal

I do not support the [Green New Deal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green_New_Deal), a policy championed by the [Justice Democrats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justice_Democrats).

While I would like to see policies that bring America closer to being carbon-neutral, the Green New Deal includes a federal-jobs-guarantee, which is absurd. Even if I did agree with a federal-jobs-guarantee, it wouldn't be politically viable: every single Republican is against it, and some Democrats besides.

## International Trade Agreements

I am highly in favor of international trade agreements, especially large binding agreements like the now-dead [Trans-Pacific Partnership](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trans-Pacific_Partnership) that Obama championed. This is mostly for two reasons:

1. International cooperation - International trade agreements lay the groundwork for even more international trade agreements. Ever-increasing cooperation is one of the only hopes we have at solving global warming.
2. American soft power - In forfeiting the TPP, America cedes ground to China and their [Belt and Road Initiative](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belt_and_Road_Initiative). Soft power is more important than you might think. Without it, we lose the ability to exert pressure on other countries to respect the values of democracy, personal freedom, political freedom, and basic human rights.

## Violence

In general, I am against violence. However, I think it is probably okay to be physically violent in response to some forms of political violence (e.g. wrongful deportation).

## Protesting & Rioting

I am for non-violent protesting. Protesting is a legitimate form of political activism and has a long history of being a "very-American" thing to do (e.g. the original [Boston Tea Party](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Tea_Party)).

Additionally, I am for violent protesting (e.g. rioting), but only if the destruction of property is public (e.g. a government building like a courthouse).

I am not for rioting when the destruction of property is private (e.g. a local business).

## Kyle Rittenhouse

First, see my position on [protesting & rioting](#protesting--rioting).

In general, I do not support vigilantism. I think Kyle Rittenhouse was clearly misguided in his attempts to cross state borders and should have stayed home.

Also see the section on [defense of property](#defense-of-property).

## Defense of Property

Putting aside whether Kyle Rittenhouse was "in the right" or "in the wrong", I think that we can have a separate discussion on defending property. I think that, in general, people have a right to defend their property. 

For example, if someone wants to destroy your local business, then you have a right to defend your local business. It does not really make a difference whether or not the people who want to destroy your business are pro-black, pro-nazi, or pro-Jesus Christ.

Furthermore, I think that people have a right to defend their property with lethal force, but only if the attacker has been given notice. In other words, if Alice says "I will shoot you if you try to burn down my business", and Bob hears this, and tries to burn down the business anyway, Alice should be in the moral clear to fatally shoot them.

(I dutifully acknowledge that there can be degrees of escalation and de-escalation; the above example is simplified to get the point across.)

Many disagreements over whether or not defense of personal property is justified boil down to a difference of underlying values. Middle-class and well-off people may underestimate the personal sacrifice and the years of time invested into obtaining a business, a car, or even something as simple as a stereo system.

## Stock Buybacks

Stock buybacks are sometimes characterized as being greedy, benefitting stockholders over employees, or as choosing to avoid research into research & development. This is largely a fiction spun by the financially illiterate. [TBC]

Unfortunately, some public figures (e.g. [Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria_Ocasio-Cortez)) seem to be ignorant on these points.

## Robin Hood

On January 28, 2021, [Robinhood restricted the trading of certain stocks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robinhood_(company)#2021_short_squeeze). In some media outlets and throughout independent media, this was reported as being a conspiracy of "the rich" against "the little guy", which was a gross mispresentation of what actually happened and showcases a woeful misunderstanding of how finance works.

[TBC]
